Sara Adams: "Hi there! Today I want to take the opportunity to ask you to contribute to my origami project.
Now, I am- [sigh] I am very busy but I make time to produce the videos that I hope you all enjoy very much...
But, because time is so short, I very rarely add subtitles and closed-captions nowadays.
But because YouTube has a new feature, you can help.
Now before I show you how it actually works, I did want to say
Yes, there is something more in it for you other than just helping out.
Because I, umm, intend to give away prizes, just like in the give-aways.
Umm, books or vouchers or folded models... we'll see, um,
Just so that you're, perhaps, a bit more motivated
But also simply because, if you do contribute,
I want to show my thanks.
And you know those prizes would only be open to those people that actually contribute
And it's really really easy
So here's how it works.
Lets first start at looking at what it's like if there's no subtitles there at all.
First go to the watch page of a video and then click on the settings icon in the lower right corner.
Go to the subtitles and CC section of it and click "Add subtitles/CC"
Once the page is loaded, you can then [click] "Add [new] subtitles [or] CC"...
And start with English if there's nothing else there yet.
Then you get this view where you can add subtitles in English.
You'll play back a section and then type whatever you've heard."
[video shown on screen]: "In this video, I'm going to show you how to fold..."
Sara: "Once you start typing, the video is going to pause so that you don't have to take care of that.
And once you have typed what you heard, simply press enter...
And then you can adjust where to show the subtitle.
And then continue with the next section of the video."
[video shown on screen]: "... fold a modular origami kusudama called "Coral Star" designed..."
Sara: "Typing and once you've finished that text, simply pressing enter.
Now sometimes, you'll want to adjust where the video shows those subtitles...
So perhaps play the video back a little..."
[video shown on screen]: "fold a modular..."
Sara: "... then move..."
[video shown on screen]: "origami kusudama called "Coral Star" de-..."
Sara: "and perhaps lengthen or shorten, and there you go.
Once you're done with adding all of the subtitles you want for now,
Either the whole video or perhaps just part of it,
Simply click "Submit" and specify whether the whole video is subtitled yet or not.
Click "Submit" one more time, let it load...
And then you can see, your subtitles were submitted and they're ready for me to review.
Next, let's take a look at what it's like when the English subtitles are done already.
Again click on the settings symbol, and [click] "Add subtitles/CC" as before...
But this time, it actually looks a little different...
Simply start typing the [name of the] language that you want to translate for,
And then here you can see the English subtitles, and you only need to add the translations.
So just type what the actual translation is..
And then tab to the next section and type the translation of that one
And so on.
Pretty easy, right?
Then click "Submit", specify whether you've completed the subtitles for the whole video, or just part of them...
And then [click] "Submit" so that again, these can be reviewed.
I hope this small demo helped you, and perhaps took out the scare of what might seem difficult...
But really, everyone can do and help with.
Finally, if you're wondering "why even subtitles or closed captions?" There's actually various reasons.
It might be as simple as that, umm, you have a hard time understanding what I say and it's easier when you can also read it.
But, um, it might also be that you're in an environment where you can only watch the video muted...
Or you only want to watch it muted...
And you still do want some pointers, not just seeing me, how I fold it, but also what I say along
Of course, and very importantly, you might be hearing impaired and actually don't have another option.
Or you might not understand English all together, and especially then,
The subtitles of other languages are super, super useful.
And those, I- I really can't even do by myself.
I can do English and German, because those are the two languages I'm fluent in,
And any other languages, I need your help with.
So, I'd love it if you helped out, and I'm eager to see how many submissions there will be,
And I'm thankful for every single one of them,
And remember, you don't need to do a whole video, you and others can contribute...
And isn't that the magic of [the] internet, and do let me know what you think of it,
And do comment, which videos you'd like to see subtitles for first, so that others maybe know where to start.
Or help out with my two currently most viewed videos.
The snowflake video has no subtitles yet, and the box with lid video, subtitles in English and German only.
So if you only want to translate subtitles, that's one to go for.
Or check out my playlist of all tutorials that already have English subtitles.
Or even better, pick your favourite video of mine.
So, I hope to see you around,
Happy subtitling and, of course as always, happy folding!